This is sample app showing movies and actors and directors details interlinked to each other.and provide options to add new movies and other details.PrerequisitesPython need to be installed.And nodejs need to be installeddockercan work on windows and Linux platform.To run the server and client follow these steps.Run below commands to run the individual server and client applications from terminal.cd movie-flex\\backend\\python -m venv venv\\movie-flex\\backend\\venv\\Scripts\\activatepip install -r requirements.txtpip install pytest flake8If all the packages installed successfully then to feed the dummy data run the below scriptpython seed.pyThen run the main server using below commanduvicorn main:app --reloador python uvicorn main:app --reloadThen you can view the API documents by opening below URLOpen http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs (127.0.0.1 in Bing) to explore the Swagger UI.Once server starts then need to run the client application.For running the unit tests on the server cd backendpytest testsflake8 .Open another terminal and run the below commands to run the clientcd frontendnpm installornpm install --forcenpm install react-router-dom --forceto build the appnpm run buildTo run the application frontend.npm run devOpen http://localhost:3000 to browse movies in any browser.we can run the docker version with below command on the terminaldocker-compose up --build